Don't be too suitable for your mother
See this clearly. If you want to buy clothes in our store, this is a pheasant. This is a hot food shop.
If you can't afford the fish, you have to touch it randomly. I'm afraid you'll damage it if you touch it. I can't afford to stay with you like this.
You can warm your feet and prepare to put something on them
Didn’t I see you when you got up too?
The clothes for juniors and juniors are so big, right?
Sister, Miss Han, you are here
Why are you here?
Did he offend you?
Check me out later
I said you are here
How can anyone be tight?
It means that I am like him
Is it a net worth?
Don't let him get further away
Did you hear that?
The further away you go, the easier it is to get out.
Show me the rice
Who gave you praise and blame?
Ask and talk to me quickly
What do I listen to, adults?
I thought I had switched to a facility store
If it can be washed off your body, it can’t be considered useful.
People like you who love people's eyes
You don’t deserve to be recommended to me at all.
I advise you to be careful when you speak.